From my research into career strategies and continuous learning, I have come to realize that software engineering requires continuous improvement, not one time training and education. Because technology changes so rapidly, you cannot expect to know everything after being in university for a few years.
One of the most crucial points I have gathered is the importance of experience over certifications. While certificates can serve as validation of your skills, many companies value your ability to translate your knowledge into action, or more simply, they would like to see you have a history of experience working on real-world projects and therefore it would be best to develop a portfolio to showcase your skills.
One of the things I find to be interesting to many developers, the participation in open source software is to contribute to some project that is widely recognized and is beneficial to the society, while simultaneously learning from the experienced developers who have put their lives into building and developing that project. Furthermore it is one way to prove your skill for the job since the work you contribute will be visible for all developers to see.
The final piece of knowledge I found interesting was the balance between foundational knowledge and new technology. Although the trends and tools may seem to be frequently changed, the fundamentals (like the concept of algorithm, design, problem-solving skill etc.) are evergreen, they can help any developers adapt to new skills with ease in the future.

